Remove some yeared w3.org/TR links (#38059)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/datatransfer/getdata/index.md

A string representing the drag data for the specified `format`. If the drag operation has no data or the operation has no data for the specified `format`, this method returns an empty string.

> Note that `DataTransfer.getData()` may not returning an expected value, because it only allows the read and write of data for specified events. During the `dragstart` and `drop` events, it is safe to access the data. For all other events, the data should be considered unavailable. Despite this, the items and their formats can still be enumerated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `DataTransfer.getData()` may not return an expected value, because it only allows reading and writing data for specified events. During the `dragstart` and `drop` events, it is safe to access the data. For all other events, the data should be considered unavailable. Despite this, the items and their formats can still be enumerated.
```
